Further work on permanent physical slots (#2891)
zalando/patroni: docs/dynamic_configuration.rst

>    -  **my\_slot\_name**: the name of the permanent replication slot. If the permanent slot name matches with the name of the current node it will not be created on this node. Please note that Patroni does not make checks for permanent slot names added to this configuration matching those that Patroni creates automatically for members. If those names are added, Patroni will ensure that any slots that were created are not removed even if the member becomes unresponsive, situation which would normally result in the slot's removal by Patroni. Although this can be useful in some situations, such as when importing existing members to a new Patroni cluster (see :ref:`Convert a Standalone to a Patroni Cluster <existing_data>` for details), caution should be exercised by the operator that these clashes in names are not persisted in the DCS due to its effect on normal functioning of Patroni.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  **my\_slot\_name**: the name of the permanent replication slot. If the permanent slot name matches with the name of the current node it will not be created on this node. If you add a permanent physical replication slot which name matches the name of a Patroni member, Patroni will ensure that the slot that was created is not removed even if the corresponding member becomes unresponsive, situation which would normally result in the slot's removal by Patroni. Although this can be useful in some situations, such as when you want replication slots used by members to persist during temporary failures or when importing existing members to a new Patroni cluster (see :ref:`Convert a Standalone to a Patroni Cluster <existing_data>` for details), caution should be exercised by the operator that these clashes in names are not persisted in the DCS, when the slot is no longer required, due to its effect on normal functioning of Patroni.
```

What about this?
